Haha, the guys who got in the way are finally solved.
I didn't expect it.
I've tipped off the chick, but I didn't solve you
Bah, what a waste
Oh, as expected of the leader of the rebellion army
You are so cruel to your own people
It's You
I warn you this has nothing to do with you
Mind your own business
Well, I don't like to meddle
After all, I'm so busy, right?
But what about Sophie?
That's the only person I follow in the Rakshasa Kingdom.
No, I didn't think of it.
The person who betrayed me
It could be you
All exposed
This is really troublesome
Why are you
Second brother, his second brother, he is a pariah like you
You are the same as the second child
Obviously has the sour smell of untouchables
But it has always been with me, a person of noble blood
call each other brothers
We don't talk about it
For equality
Do you want to fight for freedom?
Go to your equality and freedom
I am of noble blood
Lao Tzu's uprising is to fight back
Prove that I am the true nobleman
You bitches
It's enough to be obedient